Hello and welcome to one
let's play under info video in one
in the background you can see how we are
the hexagon though with a lot of fun though
it's all sex and clubs so he's 75
just a little bit taken care of
to get the witch and and I stop
yes and now we come to the
actual topic in these japan and
Although I fly now soon on vacation
do not fly but the driver and the
whole was very short-term for me
little value because invited as a referendar
that means I have a referendariat
That does not mean that
In any case, this must be done and for that
I'll get the holidays then
sponsored say I was
and indeed the whole a bit
In the short term for me, I have now
accordingly, I do not prepare much
In any case, it would be my turn
one or the other night then
probably just have to do it
hold enough videos but bring up there
the calendar with the events
Advent Calendar I mean Christmas
I have arrived so well
thought come this week easy mass
something like that again
that means if youtuber since or
if you know a youtube of a few
use subscribers I can, I mean
now have 3800 or so that's think
I'll be okay for media two
and yes, if you know someone else
couple but it may or may need it
You may need a few yourself then
can you do a net play now or
edited
the video but only for the 2 and make
only from de server and server though
completely left out before
then there is a small one
Restriction that means I start
Saturday already has the whole thing yes then
also upload
that means I need until Friday for yes
let's say 16 o'clock at the latest the link
that's a bit short-term though
I think at displays that on everyone
feasible
and that does not have to be listed
I will then break you
What time I wandel that
Upload or publicly ask
and one can then let's do that
play, of course, upload to yourself
that is not a thing but not an old one
let's play or something
because nobody wants a video twice
So it's just a bit
boring then I think it's clear
so not listed until friday 16
send me a watch and then you can
may be observed of course
I also watch a bit on quality
is now no scrap high or it
I think understandable and that
water for this part here again
if you need boss or if you want
just get a bit public
just want to network player michigan
until friday at 16 o'clock no ps but
please do not like to be edited or
let's play is all right and that
that's it from me I'm out are
a size fassi